Adds a warning about scaling down fluentd, based on https://community… (#21)
banzaicloud/logging-operator-docs: docs/scaling.md

In a large-scale infrastructure the logging components can get high load as well. The typical sign of this is when `fluentd` cannot handle its [buffer](../plugins/outputs/buffer/) directory size growth for more than the configured or calculated (timekey + timekey_wait) flush interval. In this case, you can [scale the fluentd statefulset]({{< relref "crds/_index.md#scaling" >}}).

{{< warning >}}
When scaling down Fluentd, the Logging operator does not flush the buffers before terminating the pod. Unless you have a good plan to get the data out from the detached PVC, we don't recommend scaling Fluentd down directly from the Logging operator.

To avoid this problem, you can either:

- write a custom readiness check to get the last pod out from the endpoints of the service, and stop the node only when its buffers are empty, or

> - use the commercial [One Eye tool](/docs/one-eye/) that supports this behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- use the commercial [One Eye tool](/docs/one-eye/) that will support this behavior soon.
```
